docs: update documentation and definitions files (#99)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/examples/use-different-account.md

### Access to account without platform
```js  
   const account = await client.getWalletAccount({index:1});
```

### Access to account with platform.

> When calling `getWalletAccount`, the client will store locally the index options you have passe to it, which will be used by your platform related call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling `getWalletAccount`, the client will locally store the index options you have passed to it, which will be used for your platform related calls.
```
